Changes related to the new overview page (#956)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/health.md

## Overview Health

> The default Kiali page is an Overview Dashboard. This view will quickly allow you to identify components with issues, including clusters, Istio configuration, control planes and data planes. It provides a graph showing all applications grouped by health, and a Service Insights ranking showing the services with the highest error rates and p95 latencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Kiali page is an Overview Dashboard. This view will quickly allow you to identify components with issues, including clusters, Istio configuration, control planes and data planes. It provides a chart showing all applications grouped by health, and Service Insights showing the services with the top error rates and p95 latencies.
```

![Overview Health](/images/documentation/features/health-overview.png "Overview Health")

## Graph Health

The Kiali Graph offers a rich visualization of your service mesh traffic.  The health of Nodes and Edges is represented via a standard color system using shades of orange and red to reflect degraded and failure-level traffic health.  Red or orange nodes or edges may need attention. The color of an edge represents the request health between the relevant nodes. Note that node shape indicates the type of component, such as service, workload, or app.

> The health of nodes and edges is refreshed automatically based on the configuration of the cache. The graph can also be paused to examine a particular state, or replayed to re-examine a particular time period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The health of nodes and edges is refreshed automatically based on the user's desired refresh interval. The graph can also be paused to examine a particular state, or replayed to re-examine a particular time period.
```

Actually, the health cache does not affect the graph node/edge health, which is calculated on-demand as part of the graph generation.

Author: Thanks for the catch!
